{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 MesloLGMDZNFM-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red85\green142\blue40;\red63\green105\blue30;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red29\green38\blue43;\red255\green255\blue255;\red102\green177\blue50;\red63\green105\blue30;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c39975\c61335\c20601;\cssrgb\c30831\c47797\c15540;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c15294\c19608\c22353;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c46532\c73327\c25364;\cssrgb\c30831\c47797\c15540;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14460\viewh17100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Level 4\
\
1. What does it mean to a have a singleton of your logger?\
\
\cf2 	A one single instance\
\cf0 	B multiple loggers routed into one logger\
\
2.  \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Based on Clean Code Principles, what is wrong with this method? Multiple options are correct.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\cf3 	A Magic Arguments\
	B Unclear variable naming\
	C multiple responsibilities\cf0 \
	D bad formatting\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
public static void doStuff(int a, int b, boolean flag, String s) \{\
	int x = a + b;\
	if(flag) \{\
		x *= 2;\
		System.out.println(s + x);\
	\} else \{\
		for(int i=0;i<3;i++) \{\
		x += i;\
		System.out.println(x);\
		\}\
	\}\
\}
\f0 \
\
3.  Which of the following statements about inheritance is false?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 \'95		A Java supports single inheritance.\uc0\u8232 \cf2 B Java allows multiple class inheritance using extends.\cf5 \uc0\u8232 C Interfaces can be used to achieve multiple inheritance.\u8232 D The super keyword can be used to invoke the parent class constructor\
\
4. Which statement about inheritance in object-oriented programming is correct? \
\
		A  A subclass cannot override methods of a superclass. \
\cf2 		B. Inheritance allows code reuse and extension of existing classes. \
\cf5 		C. A class can only inherit from one class in all programming languages. \
		D. Inheritance prevents polymorphism\
\

\fs32 \

\fs28 5. What is the main purpose of a debugger? \
\
		A. Compile code into machine language \
		B. Optimize memory automatically \
\cf2 		C. Execute code step-by-step to inspect variables and program flow \
\cf5 		D. Convert code into pseudocode
\fs32 \
\

\fs28 \
6. Encapsulation in object-oriented programming means restricting direct access to some data and methods of an object.\
\
		\cf7 True\cf5 \
		False\
\
\
7. An interpreted language translates the entire program into machine code before execution, while a compiled language executes code line-by-line. \
\
		True\
		\cf7 False\
\
\cf4 8. What\'92s the difference between an ArrayList and array (select all correct options)\
\
		A ArrayList takes in only primitives\
\cf8 		B array saves its data in a full continuous memory address\
		C ArrayList takes in only wrapper classes\
		D ArrayList points to different places in memory where its data are\cf4 \
\
\
9. What is polymorphism in object-oriented programming? \
\
		A. Storing multiple variables in one class \
\cf2 		B. The ability of different objects to respond differently to the same method \
\cf4 		C. Preventing access to private variables \
		D. Creating multiple constructors in one program\
\
\
 \
10. In object-oriented programming, a constructor is automatically called when an object is created.\
\
		\cf2 True\cf4 \
		False\cf5 \
	\
}